Add mongo-express command (#19)
ddev/ddev-mongo: README.md

## What is ddev-mongo?

> This repository provides Mongo and Mongo Express add-on to [DDEV](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is an add-on that provides Mongo and Mongo Express for [DDEV](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).
```

## Installation

For DDEV v1.23.5 or above run

```bash
ddev add-on get ddev/ddev-mongo
```

For earlier versions of DDEV run

```bash
ddev get ddev/ddev-mongo
```

Then restart your project

```bash
ddev restart
```

## Configuration

1. Your project will likely require the [Doctrine MongoDB ODM bundle](https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineMongoDBBundle)
   `ddev composer require doctrine/mongodb-odm-bundle:^4.0.0@beta doctrine/mongodb-odm:^2.0.0@beta`

2. In your application `.env` or other client, set the connection string:

   ```
   MONGODB_URL=mongodb://db:db@mongo:27017
   ```

Mongo Express will now be accessible by running `ddev mongo-express` command.

## Features

### `ddev mongosh` command

This command will run the `mongosh` (mongoDB Shell) command in the `mongo` container. Please [read the documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongodb-shell/) for more information.

### `ddev mongo-express` command

This command opens your browser to the Mongo Express page.

## Caveats:

> - The php extension (phpX.X-mongodb) is set up in `.ddev/config.mongo.yaml` using `webimage_extra_packages`. If you have an earlier `webimage_extra_packages` in your config.yaml, this will override it. You may want to edit your config.yaml to do what you want and remove the config.mongo.yaml.

Reviewer 2: > If you have an earlier `webimage_extra_packages` in your config.yaml, this will override it.

This is not true, `webimage_extra_packages` are merged from all configs, this should be removed.

Author: Thanks, I will remove this.
